[Music]
this my friends is the new h1 a super
exciting ITX vertical chassis from NZXT
that promises to streamline the whole
small form-factor experience and remove
the usual hurdles when it comes to
building something small but powerful
the case is just thirteen point six
liters in volume and is very close in
size to my coarser one and since I have
to return this wonderful machine the h1
here is with perfect timing as I will be
building myself a new gaming station
that should hopefully satisfy for the
next few months now what makes the h1 so
special is that you're not just getting
the enclosure you're also getting a 650
watt SFX gold rated power supply getting
a hundred 40 mm all in one cooler you're
getting a riser cable for the GPU which
is PCI gen3 and one of the easiest
assembly procedures you can experience
in this size category so that is why the
price of $349 appears to be quite steep
and there's definitely a premium applied
on top of that but purchasing equivalent
parts separately is not that far off in
terms of your case the power supply but
also finding affordable 140mm all-in-one
coolers is challenging so if you
substitute for quality 120 millimeter
all-in-one cooler instead the price
definitely will drop what I'm trying to
say here is that let's not discount the
h1 because of its price alone because
it's actually quite competitive and
reasonable when you look at it from a
macro level especially because you get
three year warranty on the case and the
only one cooler and ten years on the
power supply so there's definitely some
confidence in that
[Music]
the razor Huntsman tournament edition
has arrived it's linear optical
switchers are rated with a hundred
million keystrokes and actuate at just
one millimeter that gives it a
lightning-quick feel with no risk of
debounce delay let your fingertips
appreciate the double shot to be cheeky
caps with their extra texture and
enhanced durability so you can always
dominate your game the Razer Huntsman te
keyboard this is gaming at a speed of
light learn more the links below alright
so first of all let's appreciate the
signature NZXT style here with sharp
corners consistent ventilation pattern
and the dual tone look with the main
exterior panel the all-black model is
also available the NZXT logo is hidden
inside the glass which by the way I'm
not sure this case needs as you'll see
later on and honestly I would have loved
another mesh panel on the front here
instead of T G by the way it is 20/20
why do we still include paper stickers
on glass also I really do not appreciate
the removal of the second USB 3 port on
pretty much all NZXT cases why it's
using the same 19 pin connector you plug
into your motherboard so why do we only
get one a Type C Gen 2 is definitely
always welcome but it's not a
replacement and especially here where
the motherboard IO is not easily
accessible the build quality of the h1
is all right it's all mainly steel but
with a plastic frame for the base which
might prevent scratches and so here is
what I'm thinking for this build is the
370 motherboards would be perfectly
capable 9600 K overclock to 5 gigahertz
and our TX 2060 super from ZOTAC not
because of the size but because of the
power and this gorgeous Dominator plot
in the memory that matches the whole
interior color scheme and is rated at
3600 megahertz
the interior axis is all tool free you
pop off the side panels that sit on pins
and slide the main metal cover from the
top that is on the rail system to
simplify the whole procedure and all of
our compartments are nicely divided with
their own airflow chambers so there
shouldn't be mixing too much between the
main AO and your GPU on the other side
so the entire installation is pretty
straightforward as the radiator + fan
are on the swivel bracket that reveal
full access to the main area even though
this section is quite tight you can
reach all sides
the motherboard and I love how the PSU
cables all of them are already pre
routed and are short enough to so this
part of the assembly was the quickest we
also have a combo front panel connector
that I appreciate with an adapter
included if you need to split them up
and I'm actually surprised at this part
where the fan and pump are connected
through a four and three pin fan cables
and not via USB so there is no cam
software needed to control the pump and
fan speed and that is a major positive
now the two hiccups I've encountered
with assembly is RAM clearance as my
Dominator Platinum's are way too tall
and the bracket would not close so I
swapped it out toward the regular-sized
g.skill trident Z so clearance is not an
issue and the second thing unfortunately
the type-c cable on my unit is not long
enough to reach the far corner on my
motherboard NZXT offered to send me an
i/o replacement with a longer type-c
cable which is appreciated and that
offer extends to all customers who buy
the h1 at launch so if you cable does
not reach your desired type C spot on
the motherboard simply reach out to NXT
and they'll send you a new one but they
will be extending the cables for all h1
productions after launch thermal paste
is already pre applied with a really
good spread as you can see and the final
steps include mounting the CPU block
which is the same as with any Kraken or
any AAA or cooler compatible with both
AMD and Intel sockets and even after
everything is in place you can still
access anything on the motherboard when
you bend the tubes out of the way plus
the lack of cables makes this one the
cleanest ITX systems i've worked with
because the power supply is fully
modular with thin cables now as for
storage there's an SSD cage below the
PSU with two slots meaning there is no
three and a half inch drive capacity
inside the h1 and I don't consider that
to be a negative the last thing to do is
plug in the riser cable and our graphics
card with two and a half slot GPU
supported because we have enough width
and cards up to 12 inches can fit in
this compartment even my massive or SRT
X 2060 fit no problem which is quite a
surprise so you can 100% build a
powerful system as the 140 mm all-in-one
is plenty capable plus we have
ventilation on both sides on the right
is our GPU with about
two centimetres of clearance away from
the side panel and filter I would guess
the blower style card might be actually
better in this environment while on the
left is our 140 mm that our exhaust
through the AO so the two air flow
sections don't really mix much plus we
have the exhaust through the power
supply and all of the i/o is facing down
so here are the default temperatures the
CPU at five gigahertz has fully under
control and I'm comfortable with the GPU
as well I then remove the dust filter to
see if the GPU side was a choking point
and there's only a three degree
difference there which is not
significant but removing all panels from
the enclosure reveals a different story
not so much for the CPU which is
surprising but the temperatures on the
2060 super simply just dropped and that
was kind of disappointing given the
entire mesh exterior basically but at
least noise is a surprise as well so at
1,400 rpm on the radiator fan and GPU at
68% fan speed the system is whisper
quiet and there's definitely more power
in the fan if you need extra cooling but
that really kills the silent factor
I will say I think NZXT has an ITX
winner on their hands because power
cooling and cable management are all
covered out of the box plus it's a
beautiful vertical tower with pretty
good GPU compatibility the downsides
however cannot be ignored like the
single USB 3 port why not - the
motherboard uh-oh
area is difficult to reach because the
motherboard is facing down but that's
just nature of the layout I would
actually say the TG front panel is
unnecessary since the components
underneath our sandwich anyway so you
can't really see anything the mesh on
the GPU side is still fairly restrictive
and I think a lot of people would still
like to have the option to buy the case
separately if you have your own SFX
power supply and have your own cooler
but that currently is not an option so
they're definitely risks that NZXT took
with the h1 but it's almost like the
perfect ITX case that resonates with me
because I hate dealing with cable
management and tight spaces and
basically half of the assembly is
already complete at your doorstep but I
would love to hear if you feel the same
and how does the price land on potential
ITX customers I think it's fairly
competitive especially given the full
small form-factor market but then again
it's not like the smallest enclosure and
I think they could have been some
optimizations done in size but it is
very tall because you need so much extra
room for cables to go in and Bend like
the DisplayPort cable for example like
it takes up that in that much room so
definitely optimizations maybe with the
h2 but I'm still very happy with the h1
alright guys I'm Dimitri thanks much for
watching make sure to check out this
other relevant content subscribe for
more I'll talk to you in the next video
[Music]